in the great debate between  that vegan teacher and  sniper wolf i'm actually inclined to be  on  sniper wolf's side and it's not because  she's attractive it's not because she's  famous it's not because she's hot  it has a lot more to do with the fact  that  i'm attractive that that i'm famous and  and i'm hot and no no no i'm not saying  that us hot attractive famous people  have to stick together but  hear me out here look all those times  that sniper wolf was making those videos  saying how she was unsympathetic towards  animals  and how she even admitted herself that  she's not a caring person that she  doesn't have empathy  maybe that should have been an alarm  bell  for many of sniper wolves fans  [Music]  you know  they say that when you are cruel to  animals you don't care about animals  that this then the next phase is that  you are also cruel and unkind to humans  often they they talk about that with  with small children if you see certain  children hurting animals that this is a  really dangerous sign that this could  move on to hurting humans physically i  mean now i'm not saying that she's like  that how would you like it if somebody  you loved or you yourself says sniper  wolf were tied down like this put in a  stall you can't even turn around and  somebody is sexually assaulting you  mutilating you by shoving these things  on you  and stealing your milk  is this really something  that you want to condone  or does something here feel just wrong  just really wrong  and if it doesn't feel wrong then maybe  you are  a tiny minority of the people on this  planet who are psychopaths  i like empathy i lack empathy i lack  empathy i'm not vegan therefore i am  evil sniper wolf is in the position of  having  huge numbers of vegans  inform her that  she's a psychopath and in so doing  the vegans are trying to drag  a deeply subjective  cultural political debate  into the realm of the medical sciences  they're trying to treat it as a simple  scientific fact that some people are  born with a mental disability that makes  them incapable of feeling empathy and  thus less likely to um  to become vegan tell me is that is that  is that how we abolished slavery  back at a time when like 90 of people  supported slavery did we advance the  argument that oh oh you'd have to be a  psychopath you'd have to be born with  this mysterious mental illness that  there's absolutely no falsifiable  scientific evidence for whatsoever oh  and it's not rare no no no no more than  90 percent of people have this is that  is that how we made progress toward the  abolitionist sleeping how about um how  about gay rights the progress toward gay  equality gay rights gay marriage this  kind of thing really the single greatest  accomplishment in politics in my  lifetime the single greatest change or  transformation did we do we accomplished  that by claiming everyone who was  homophobic had some kind of innate  mental disability learning disability  akin to being a psychopath this this  myth we've made up that a certain  stereotype of behavior makes you a  psychopath this myth we've made up that  if you if you disagree with me  there's something wrong with you you  were born this way and you're gonna die  this way  any  physically real  mental condition  is gonna show up in an autopsy  if you die  in an avalanche  that's a rule of thumb if you have  malaria  all right and you die in an avalanche we  can we can perform an autopsy and we can  prove that at the time of your death  while skiing in the mountains in  switzerland your hip by you had malaria  okay now  diabetes  we can prove that you had diabetes you  know what some  very  subtle  behavioral disorders  they are physically real and i've known  people who had them you might meet  someone who has a stutter you might meet  someone who has strange blanks in their  speech where they stop talking and you  might think it's an emotional problem  you might think it's  an educational problem that a bad time  in school you might think it's a purely  subjective problem having to do with  their feelings or their attitudes or  that they could overcome through better  training and you know what  if they die  in an avalanche  you can actually  bisect the brain you can perform an  autopsy  and you can show  the malformation in the brain you can  show the hole  in the brain that they actually did have  a medically real problem something  physically wrong with their brain and  that's why they stuttered that's why  they struggled to speak or even that's  why they struggle to read a book i've  known quite a few different people who  have those kinds of conditions in my  life and and again it's easy to  misinterpret what's wrong with them or  are they are they nervous because i'm  famous they're nervous that they're  meeting me are they nervous for this  reason were they beaten by their parents  as a child they have a bad mother they  have a bad teacher they have a bad  childhood  and i've had those people say to me look  you have to understand i can show you an  x-ray of my brain i can show you an mri  scan of my brain and there's a hole in  it  they have a physically real medically  real condition  and that is exactly what these merely  cultural notions these stereotypes we  have  about psychopaths and sociopaths and  satanists and witches and witchcrafts  and other boogeymen that is exactly what  the myth of the psychopath can never be  it can never mean that for you for me  for any of us or for the future of this  political movement called veganism so  i'm not just making the claim that it's  strategically counterproductive to call  sniperworth  [Laughter]  it's the cold sniper wolf a psychopath  there's a tongue twister  i know what it's like to be  hot  and famous  on the internet and you know yeah you  know it's a very particular kind of  person who feels motivated to send me  messages on instagram and that glimmer  of hope that they're going to be that  one special person i i cheat on my  girlfriend with and it probably takes a  special kind of person to write into  sniper rifle also and get in touch  that's the thing this is why i relate to  sniper this is why i'm on her side  above all else  these women  when they write into me  if i click over  to see their instagram profile to see  their facebook profile what's the first  [ __ ] thing i'm looking at  it's them holding up  a dog and yeah sometimes it's a little  puppy this is a huge dog it's them  kissing this dog  it's them virtue signaling what a loving  warm wonderful person they are what an  ethical person they are because they  take care of animals and they'll tell  you in the text the whole [ __ ] story  of this dog how they rescued it how they  got it from a shelter and how they're so  proud to spend all their time and money  grooming this dog picking up the poo  after this dog feeding its special  special kibbles for its special needs  their whole [ __ ] life revolves around  taking care of this dog and if it's not  a dog it's a cat and if it's not a cat  it's 10 gerbils or 24 bunny rabbits all  right and the same way  that vegan teacher feels about sniper  wolf or they look at her and they think  she's mentally disabled they think she's  a psychopath they think she's totally  immoral  that's the way i feel  when i look at my fellow vegans even the  ones who are literally trying to [ __ ] me  the ones who are writing to me  flattering me trying to seduce me when i  look at them and i see them holding up a  dog holding up a cat and they just can't  even mentate  what's wrong with this situation they  can't look in the mirror  and find any fault in themselves so if  we're going to start calling  ninety percent of people psychopaths or  ninety percent of people narcissists or  whatever the currently fashionable  scientifically non-falsifiable bogeyman  is for our era on planet we're gonna  we're gonna start doing that  all the people who eat meat  all the people who are vegan but are  raising pets  all the people who are vegan but who  make excuses for smoking marijuana all  the people who are vegan but make  excuses for taking benzodiazepines all  the people who are vegan but make  excuses for taking antidepressants  and taking antidepressants during  pregnancy  all the people who are vegan and are  gambling addicts at the casino we live  in a world  where the vast majority of people are  making totally irrational totally  immoral decisions  every day  their whole lives long  and it's not because they're psychopaths  it's because they're stupid  they're ignorant  they're self-centered they're lazy  they're bad  and they're wrong  and there is no more thankless task in  the world than coming on youtube  every day and telling people  you're bad and evil  and wrong  and 99 of people are gonna respond to  that news negatively and there's gonna  be that one percent  there's gonna be that tiny minority who  respond to it positively  because they realize hey  i'm not born this way  i don't have to die this way  it's not a mental disability  i can change  starting  today it's the traditional christmas  dinner but have you ever given much  thought to where your turkey comes from  farmer matt carter is giving his  customers a very clear insight offering  them the chance to not only hand pick  but feed look after and name their  turkey all before it's slaughtered for  christmas as you can imagine this  initiative hasn't gone down well with  vegans who have accused him of being a  murderer and a psychopath  we've had we've had a lot of people take  us up on the offer and then we also had  a lot of people who were  violently against  against us and they didn't want us to do  it they wanted to take the post down and  then we had a graffiti across the front  of the doors of the farm shop people  should know where their meat comes from  and if you're going to buy meat then  then why not why not know that it's come  from an ethical farm that's well looked  after and the turkeys have been free  range and had a good life can i ask the  question yeah of course and what what do  you mean by ethical exactly  well being well looked after we they're  free range there's they're slaughtered  humanely in well and and look after the  best way what is a humane slaughter  exactly  well  the in the most stress-free possible  what does that entail  well it entails killing the turkey  there's no other way of getting your  christmas dinner without killing the  turkey just out of interest how do you  kill the turkey  so is there any point that you agree  with here  at first obviously i was a bit like this  is kind of psychotic because you know  this is the kind of way that you would  treat a pet um well you did actually say  anyone who names their turkey anyone who  goes onto that farm and does that is  psychotic yeah i guess one of the  biggest aspects of sociopaths is that  they don't have empathy right  [Music]  [Music]  and that was really emphasized how they  could do anything and get get away with  it they manipulate they deceive  [Music]  sociopathy or antisocial disorder is not  something  is not curable  [Music]  can be traded but it's not curable it's  very very difficult because of the level  of manipulation that a lot of sociopaths  exhibit as a part of their  characteristics because of how their  brain  is functioning  like an anti-social personality disorder  because they don't feel empathy you know  they don't feel these things so what's  the point you know that could be a line  of thought they are not human i don't  have anti-social personality disorder so  i can't say i know what's in their minds  but it's kind of like it's also sad for  me they can't really enjoy the simple  things in life the little things in life  that bring me joy like my cats like what  kind of  societal advantage am i gonna get from  adopting cats not much they cost a lot  of money because you know they're living  things um  they won't  help me make more money they are not  gonna get me better jobs or whatever  could get me power but they just make me  happy they bring me joy  [Music]  if my point is that what you're doing is  immoral  the last thing i want to do is say  you are mentally handicapped  and that's why you're doing this immoral  thing now it makes even less sense when  you're claiming 95 to 98 of humanity is  mentally handicapped  and we've all been through this before  with narcissism people start defining  narcissism so broadly that 95 of people  are narcissists people start defining uh  depression  so broadly that 95 of humanity is  depressed and we have these kind of  pseudo-medical psychological notions and  they soon uh envelop the whole wide  world the absurdity is you look at these  people their definition of sanity this  woman i have a clip from her proof that  she is seen and compassionate and loving  and that she's not a psychopath and  she's not a sociopath  is that she owns cats  she keeps cats  as pets  and that's her proof that she's a good  person  and that she's sane unlike these  psychopaths she's pointing the finger  this is a professional therapist  she doesn't just see  nothing wrong  with taking  an obligate carnivore and  cutting off its balls declawing it  removing its reproductive organs male or  female  training it  not to live as a solitary predator in  the forest  but to live as a plaything on her couch  and on her carpet  and then killing cows  buying the cows cut up and crammed into  a little metal can  and spooting that out for this obvious  carnivore to eat the whole relationship  between human being and cat and her  description of the love she feels and  the gratification  she's presenting this with no sense of  humor  no joke  none zero irony she's presenting this as  proof positive of her sanity and from my  perspective it's like lady you are  indicting yourself as something well  let's not say it's insane  let's just say it's immoral and then the  other contrast you guys just saw  is someone advancing the idea that  they're a morally good and pure and  caring person because they take the time  to pet and cuddle and care for and give  a name to a turkey  to treat a turkey like a pet  before they slit the turkey's throat  kill it and eat it and from one side  this is proof positive that quote  unquote you're a psychopath and from the  other side it's proof positive that  they're caring and compassionate that  they're they're a better person than  someone who did none of those things  [Music]  so  [Music]  [Music]  so  [Music]  and they also use once the animals are  rehabilitated it could take some some  time but once the animals are  rehabilitated they use that animal  interaction with with children at risk  youth and special needs kids to to help  them heal as well  [Music]  i open their doggy door again i'm always  keeping it open during the day i haven't  opened it in a long time i just want to  watch them whenever they go out and take  them out myself every day  [Music]  a ba le ciel